---
title: First Day Of School
permalink: /sec-1-registration/first-day-of-school/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h4>First Day of School</h4><p>Secondary One First Day of School &amp; Orientation Experience (2 – 5 January 2024)</p><p>The orientation experience, organised by the student leaders under the guidance of their teachers, promises to be both meaningful and exciting. A series of activities, including team-building games, have been planned to help prepare your child/ward settle into the Dunman family. In addition, please refer to <strong><em>Annex A </em></strong>for the detailed breakdown of activities during our Secondary 1 Orientation Experience from 2 January to 5 January 2024.</p><p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong><u>First Day of School (2 January 2024) Reporting Details</u></strong></p><p><strong>Reporting Time:</strong> 7.25 am</p><p><strong>Reporting Venue: </strong>Parade Square</p><p><strong>Attire:</strong> School Polo-Top with school pants/skirts and white shoes (Students may report to school in their primary school uniform until 5 January 2024).</p><p><strong>Things to bring:</strong> Writing materials, storybook and thermometer.</p><p><strong>* </strong><em>Students will be required to sit according to their classes at the reporting venue. Their allocated class will be reflected on Parent Gateway App after 29 December 2023. Alternatively, students can also view their allocated class on the notice board placed outside the School’s General Office.</em></p><p><strong><em>*</em></strong><em> Do note that parents will only be allowed to drop off their child/ward in school.</em></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>General School Rules</h4><p>Students are required to put on the full school uniform with the school tie every Monday. They may wear the school’s formal Polo T-Shirt, with school pants/skirts on other days if they wish to do so. Please note that as the prescribed school uniform is an important part of school identity, modifications to the uniform are not allowed. Students are also required to wear their name tag (students will collect from the bookshop at a later date) and white school shoes at all times.</p><h4>Co–Curriculum Activity (CCA) Performing Arts Audition &amp; Sports Trial</h4><p>There will be CCA Auditions held in the afternoon of 3 and 4 January 2024 for Secondary 1 students. Please be reminded to bring along a pair of PE attire, as reflected in the packing list. Attendance is compulsory. There will be a CCA audition briefing during the first day of school. This is to ensure that all students will be familiar of the procedures during their CCA auditions. Further details will be provided to students during the administrative briefing on 2 January 2024.</p><p></p><p><strong>Annex A – AY2024 Secondary One Programme for Week 1</strong></p><p></p><p><strong>Dunman Secondary School</strong></p><p><strong>Secondary One Orientation Programme 2024</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day/Date</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Programme</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Dismissal Time</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tuesday</p><p>2 Jan 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Administrative Briefings</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1:35pm</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Wednesday</p><p>3 Jan 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><u>Orientation Activities Day 1</u></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Class Bonding Activities</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CCA Auditions &amp; Trials I</p><p>o&nbsp;&nbsp; Boys – Performing Arts</p><p>o&nbsp;&nbsp; Girls – Sports &amp; Games</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>5.00 pm</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Thursday</p><p>4 Jan 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><u>Orientation Activities Day 2</u></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Orienteering</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; STEM @ Dunman</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CCA Auditions &amp; Trials II</p><p>o&nbsp;&nbsp; Boys – Sports &amp; Games</p><p>o&nbsp;&nbsp; Girls – Performing Arts</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>5.00pm</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Friday</p><p>5 Jan 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><u>Orientation Activities Day 3</u></p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sports &amp; Recreation Activities*</p><p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CCA Fair</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>5.00pm</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong>*A separate letter will be issue</p><p></p><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>